[Music]
hello it's ruby and welcome back to
another university vlog today i did some
digital decluttering i'm trying to do
this every week just
going through all of my applications my
photos
my files and naming and deleting
everything so my laptop never gets too
cluttered
[Music]
then i went and made my bed
and my room was just looking so cozy and
autumnal today
i absolutely loved the way it was
looking
i of course went to made myself some tea
i believe this was a
green tea and coconut
i use final cut for my editing and it
can get quite messy so i deleted
everything i wasn't using anymore and i
also went through all of my photos
since coming back to university there
were loads of these to delete
good morning it's ruby and i very much
underestimated how long that would take
me this morning
basically on sundays i want to go
through
and do like some general organization
bits which will carry me forward in the
week ahead and make sure that my life
never gets too
cluttered or anything um i didn't do it
on sunday because i ended up having a
lot of university work and i wanted to
prioritize that so i've done it this
morning and
i put on my timetable that i would be
done by like 8 30 and it's now 8 50. so
i'm very much behind i'm still in my
pajamas as you can see and
it's now time to go and get dressed
finally
i wrote a timetable up on notion and i
got started with reading but will be the
scrivener which i needed to read for
friday
then i went and got myself some more tea
and
as the cattle was boiling i just took my
vitamins
[Music]
so
okay it's now like half 11 i think
yes and i am going to write up the notes
from the readings i did today so i read
both will be the scrivener the
birthmark by nathaniel hawthorne and i'm
so bad at remembering titles um
and another story by nathaniel so i'm
just going to write those up
um so that all of my notes really
concise and i'm going to do that on
notion through the toggle system because
it's really easy to keep track of
everything
so as i said here i was writing up my
notes basically i was i used kindle to
annotate the text and i just went
through and wrote up
all of the notes i put into kindle in a
more
concise easy to find format i was doing
just little bits of research here and
there as i was going along
then i went and got myself some lunch i
had a salad
with chickpea tuna and i sat downstairs
to work after that it was
so beautiful and rainy and i loved the
view
downstairs oh and i was still writing up
melville notes here this took me such a
long time because i was doing loads of
extra research at the same time
[Music]
this is cup number five of the day
okay it's going well it's taking me a
really long time i'm just about to go on
to context research for melville i
literally haven't done any of the main
hawthorne stuff yet but
i think it's going okay i've read a few
like interesting critics which i've
added them to my notes
and i will keep you updated
i'm just going out on a walk because i
i've got a little bit of cabin fever i
haven't been out since
like midday yesterday i'm saying getting
some fresh air but i'm wearing my mask
so yeah i've had like a fairly
productive study day
um the last hour i haven't felt so
productive and motivated so i'm hoping
going on a walk will just refresh me a
little bit
and then i will get
back on with work when i get back in
like 15 minutes i had a really nice walk
i wasn't out for very long only maybe
30 minutes to 45 minutes
and it was really beautiful and autumnal
it was actually the last day of
september
then i watched the three lectures for
this week for
empire of liberty
i did some more work in the evening but
i didn't actually film any of it i'm
sorry about that i only just realized i
didn't but i watched the simpsons before
bed today which was so so nice i love
watching the simpsons i think i watched
two episodes and
i ate a slice of banana bread at the
same time
anyway thank you so much for watching
today's video i hope you enjoyed it and
i hope that you have a productive week
[Music]
you